Sharon Jones Unit Purchase Agreement

This Unit Purchase Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into as of05/09/2023
__________ by and between Sharon
Jones (“Seller”) and Nicholas A. Bianchi (“Purchaser”).
RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Seller desires all of their ownership interests in ARIBIA, LLC (“Company”) to the
Purchaser; and
WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase all of Seller’s ownership interests in the Company
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing promises and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Purchaser
and Seller agree as follows:
1.
Sale and Assignment of Ownership Interest. The Seller hereby sells, assigns and transfers to the
Purchaser all of their ownership interests in the Company (“Membership Units”), subject to the relevant
provisions of the Operating Agreement of ARIBIA, LLC, by and between its Members, dated April 22, 2023,
as amended (“Operating Agreement”).
2.
Acceptance. The Purchaser hereby accepts the sale and assignment of the Membership Units
transferred and agree to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Operating Agreement.
3.
Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Membership Units being transferred under this
Agreement is $10 (“Purchase Price”) to be paid at the execution of this Agreement.
4.

Seller’s Representations and Warranties. The Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser

that:
4.1.
Ownership of Interest and Right to Transfer. The Seller is the sole owner of the
Membership Units being transferred under this Agreement, free and clear of any and all liens or encumbrances,
and will defend the same against all claims and demands of all persons. The Seller has a good right to transfer
the Membership Units to the Company, pursuant to the Operating Agreement.
5.
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All warranties and representations made in this
Agreement will survive the closing of the transfer of the Membership Units being transferred under this
Agreement.
1

Sharon Jones Unit Purchase Agreement

6.

Releases

6.1.
Seller’s Release. Seller does hereby forever release, discharge, cancel, waive, and acquit,
for Seller and Seller’s heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, any and all rights, claims, demands, and causes
of action, obligations, damages, penalties, fees, costs, expenses, and liability that Seller has, had, or may hereafter
have against the Purchaser and the Company and/or all their (i) heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns,
and/or (ii) current or former affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, officers, owners, employees, attorneys, successors, and
assigns, and their respective members, shareholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, and agents
(collectively, “Company-Released Parties”), arising out of, or by reason of any cause, matter, or thing whatsoever
existing as of the date of execution of this Agreement, WHETHER KNOWN TO THE PARTIES AT THE
TIME OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR NOT.
6.2.
Purchaser’s Release. The Purchaser covenants and agrees to forever release, discharge,
cancel, waive, and acquit any and all rights, claims, demands, and causes of action, obligations, damages,
penalties, fees, costs, expenses, and liability that the Purchaser has, had, or may hereafter have against the Seller
and all his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns arising out of, or by reason of any cause, matter, or thing
whatsoever existing as of the date of execution of this Agreement, WHETHER KNOWN TO THE PARTIES
AT THE TIME OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR NOT.
7.

Miscellaneous.

7.1.
Binding Effect. The provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and will inure to the
benefit of the heirs, personal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties.
7.2.
Notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given under this
Agreement must be in writing and must be mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the parties as follows:
if to the Purchaser:
Nicholas A. Bianchi
550 W Surf St. Apt 504
Chicago, IL 60657

2

Sharon Jones Unit Purchase Agreement

if to Seller:
Sharon Jones
10772 Ironstone Dr S
Jacksonville, FL 32247

All notices and other communications will be deemed to be given at the expiration of 3 days after the
date of mailing. The address of a party to which notices or other communications must be mailed may be changed
from time to time by giving written notice to the other parties.
7.3.
Litigation Expense. If any legal proceeding is commenced for the purpose of
interpreting or enforcing any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party in such proceeding will be
entitled to recover a reasonable attorney’s fee in such proceeding, or any appeal thereof, to be set by the court
without the necessity of hearing testimony or receiving evidence, in addition to the costs and disbursements
allowed by law.
7.4.
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement, and performance or breach under this
Agreement, is governed by and shall be interpreted both as to procedural and substantive matters in accordance
with the applicable laws of the state of Illinois. All disputes, controversies, or claims arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or any breach of this Agreement that cannot be settled amicably by the parties must be finally
and exclusively settled by arbitration under the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association
(the “Rules”) by one arbitrator mutually agreed by the parties, or if the parties cannot agree on one arbitrator, by
an arbitration that will be held in Chicago, Illinois, and that must be conducted in the English language. The
parties agree that judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
7.5.
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without invalidating or
rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
7.6.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and
any party hereto may execute any such counterpart, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed
to be an original and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed
by the other parties hereto. The parties agree that the delivery of this Agreement may be effected by means of
an exchange of facsimile signatures with original copies to follow by mail or courier service.
7.7.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties pertaining to its subject matter, and it supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements,
representations, and understandings of the parties. No supplement, modification, or amendment of this
3

Sharon Jones Unit Purchase Agreement

Agreement will be binding unless executed in writing by all parties.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

4

Sharon Jones Unit Purchase Agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first written
above.
SELLER
_________________
Sharon Jones

PURCHASER

Nicholas Bianchi

__________________
Nicholas A. Bianchi

5

