Friday,
Friday, March
March 28,
28, 2025
2025 at
at 14:05:21
14:05:21 Central
Central Daylight
Daylight Time
Time
Subject:
Subject:
Re: Proposal
Date:
Date:
Friday, August 9, 2024 at 6:41:29 PM Central Daylight Time
From:
From:
Nick <nick@aribia.llc>
To:
To:
LuLu arias <ariaslulu1@gmail.com>
Attachments:
Attachments: Image.png, Image.png, Image.png

None of my business.
Get Outlook for iOS
From: LuLu arias <ariaslulu1@gmail.com>
Sent: Friday, August 9, 2024 3:27:41 PM
To: Nick <nick@aribia.llc>
Subject: Re: Proposal

I’m not making anything up
I didn’t hide anything neither
The question about Arlene was if we could live 3 of us together for a couple months what was
pretty unrealistic since the mess is infinite
I Left you without the burden of the payments you made, what was very stressful for you and for
me to hear you complaining. As you said, living together was never the plan
I went to try to help, you locked the door, you messed up the floor
You don’t have any idea what we have been through these past weeks
I didn’t “try to slow the progress” I never plan to do construction, that was your responsibility
not mine and Ale has to go to work so he is not homeless

* Yes I’m interested depending on the proposal
Thanks
LuLu Arias
On Fri, Aug 9, 2024 at 3:00 PM Nick <nick@aribia.llc> wrote:
Aribia - all I needed was a yes I’m interested. I still need to pull the details together and the
actual valuation and proposal. The draft was just that. To get the structure. Whatever it is, it
will have an upfront of a minimum $1000 payment. So if that’s not something you’re going to
do we can just stop the process now.

1 of 12

Stop saying I said Latin Laziness. I didn’t say that what I said was, when ale was trying to do
the same thing i was doing and like holed the paint brush while k was painting…. I said at first
I was like. Why don’t you do something v else I’m not doing… and then I figured out he just
wanted to help tk get that piece of the project done faster and maybe also learn? But that it
must be why people think Latinos are lazy, because they see them watching or helping the one
person, and in actuality it’s not that. Please stop trying to make me a bad guy by making stuff
up.
I’m not saying I’m a victim… I’m just saying that it hurt me that you left me…. You left me
by myself. You made a plan without me, didn’t let me know…. I was working off bad
information, then for all I know you may have actually tried to slow down progress so that you
could match your move date… which I wasn’t informed of u til about a week or less before the
end of the month.
So that hurt. Not just that you left me…but while at least in my mind and the plan I was
working off, was working hard to make something good for us, you went off and made
something good for yourself. Which I’m not mad about, it’s great, but the fact you didn’t just
tell me. When you ask me can ale rent apt Arlene and I said, and where am I in this scenario
and you said nothing… so you hadn’t even considered me.
Did I do something. Yes I screamed fuck you. I shouldn’t have but I did. But besides that, did
I do something that warrants me being flipped from part of to the other..... I just don't
understand. Anyhow. You're right. Best not write back and forth.
Get Outlook for iOS
From: LuLu arias <ariaslulu1@gmail.com>
Sent: Friday, August 9, 2024 2:18:01 PM
To: Nick <nick@aribia.llc>
Subject: Re: Proposal

I’m sorry you are feeling that way
I was always available for you, to work together and keep up with your ideas (sometimes crazy
ones) and your needs
I think that Nobody had followed you more than I did
I needed to focus on finding a place to live, without mess or construction, without feeling
guilty about every single thing
I didn’t nor my brother jumped from the boat, we were available for you the whole time,
besides our “Latin laziness “ as you call it. You decided to focus on something else instead of
finishing 504 projects

2 of 12

I don’t think putting us in the role of victims or being dramatic is any productive, same as
having this conversations about feelings, mixed with the Aribia stuff

If you want to talk about our relationship/feelings we can jump on a call or grab a coffee or
something

Related to Aribia, please let me know what’s next

For me, those $1.000 showing you my commitment to the deal doesn’t make sense, I’m
showing you that I’m in for it, we just need to agree on the terms of the deal and go from there

Thank you

LuLu Arias
On Fri, Aug 9, 2024 at 1:28 PM Nick <nick@aribia.llc> wrote:
Yes. I didn’t run the updated numbers. That’s why it says approximately
I would have to run the updated valuation, which as always, I'd send to you for your review with how I calculated.
You would need to put at least $1000 up front to secure the deal to show you're committed.
The process doesn't have to start in 2 weeks... we can start in a month or 6 weeks. Or 8
weeks. How about we say must start in the next 3 months.
The AFR by the way is this https://www.irs.gov/applicable-federal-rates

3 of 12

Addison
4 of 12

5 of 12

Cozy

Apt Arlene

I’m struggling with a lot of emotions right now, and I feel like maybe you think I’m trying to
mess with you, which I’m not. I’m really angry, frustrated, and hurt because it feels like you
abandoned me when I needed you most. You left, and when you could have helped, you
didn’t, and it seemed like you took some satisfaction in that.
After dealing with all of that, I was angry—angry at the situation and angry that I’m out
6 of 12

more money. Now, I’m down to just $100, and my next move bad been thinking about
selling a house to cover everything. Morada Mami came to mind, but even though it might
make sense, it would feel like I’m doing it to hurt you. I don’t want that. I wouldn't ever and also, I did that for you.
This is all coming from the pain of feeling like you and your brother jumped ship, leaving
me to deal with everything alone. We sat down and talked about these things together, but
now I feel like the bad guy, and that hurts. I gave everything I had to help you and Ale, and I
can’t believe you turned your back on me, started keeping secrets, and became so closed off.
It’s hard to understand why things turned out this way, and it’s left me feeling very confused
and hurt.
Morada Mami is when I knew. So it's not such a happy memory for me.
Get Outlook for iOS
From: LuLu arias <ariaslulu1@gmail.com>
Sent: Friday, August 9, 2024 10:58 AM
To: Nick <nick@aribia.llc>
Subject: Re: Proposal
Hola Nick
Thank you for your proposal
Here some adjustments we would need to make in order to go forward

These are the prices of the properties and based of the information was presented to me from
you on your own computer couple months ago:

*Only real estate value
$137.16 Arlene.

Debt

$100.00 Surf 211. No debt
$90.00 Medellín

No debt

$202.000 Addison. Debt (almost paid off)
$237.500 Surf 504. Debt

7 of 12

The value of Aribia As a whole
Total

$800.000

Debt (never specified) $200.000 approx

ARIBIA $800.000 approx

Lulu 10% ownership $80.000
Value of Medellin $90.000

Leaving $10.000 left

as a sign of good will I’m willing to pay up the $15.000 for the remaining balance
In the payments you proposed of $506.31 per month for a 30 month period starting
September 1st 2024
I’d pay Ensurance, taxes and maintenance of the property for the whole time

*No upfront payments
Payments each 1st day of the month

1. Buyout Opportunity: It allows me to buy out Morada Mami for $90,000.
2. Ownership Transfer: My 10% ownership in ARIBIA LLC, currently valued at
approximately $80.000 (reflecting the value of properties minus liabilities/loans),
would be reinvested into ARIBIA LLC - MORADA MAMI.
3. Rent Credit: I will not receive any rent credit for the rent already paid
4. Low-Interest Loan: The remaining balance of approximately $ 15.000 will be financed
with a low-interest loan at 4.34% (based on the current IRS AFR).
5. Payment Terms: The loan is payable over a 30 months period, resulting in monthly
payments of $506.31 (principle + interest).
8 of 12

Transfer of Ownership
Upon starting the payments, after the payment of the 1st month (Sep 1st 2024)
ARIBIA LLC will transfer full ownership interest in Morada Mami to Luisa Arias, including
all rights, titles, and interests in the Medellin property with a mortgage between the two
parties until the completion of 30 monthly payments is completed, without any right of sell
or lease the property.

Besides these adjustments, we can leave the rest of the agreement as you presented yesterday
to me and go forward with the plan

Thank you!

LuLu Arias
On Thu, Aug 8, 2024 at 7:05 PM Nick <nick@aribia.llc> wrote:
Hi Lulu,
Given the differences in our visions but our continued care for each other, and considering
the business’s need to continue growing while shedding investments that no longer align, I
have a proposal that I hope you will consider with the utmost love and respect. My goal is
to ensure that you and your family gain true strength and security with 100% ownership of
a place to call home.
The draft agreement below includes the following key points:
1. Buyout Opportunity: It allows you to buy out Morada Mami for $90,000.
2. Ownership Transfer: Your 10% ownership in ARIBIA LLC, currently valued at
approximately $40,000 (reflecting the value of properties minus liabilities/loans),
would be reinvested into ARIBIA LLC - MORADA MAMI.
3. Rent Credit: You will receive an additional $4,800 credit against the buyout of
Morada Mami for the rent paid to date.
4. Low-Interest Loan: The remaining balance of approximately $42,800 will be
9 of 12

financed with a low-interest loan at 4.34% (based on the current IRS AFR).
5. Payment Terms: The loan is payable over a 9-year period, resulting in monthly
payments of $506.31 (principle + interest).
I’d like to give you two weeks to review the proposal, consider all the details, and discuss
it with any advisors if needed. If you decide to move forward, we would require a $1,000
upfront payment as a sign of commitment. This would be due upon your acceptance of the
agreement, before we proceed with the ownership transfer.
I hope this proposal resonates with you and provides a path forward that benefits you and
your family. Please take your time to review it, and we can discuss any questions or
concerns you may have.
Nick

Buyout Agreement for Morada Mami and Ownership
Transfer
This Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into on this [Date], by and between:
Lessor/Seller:
ARIBIA LLC
Address: 550 W Surf St, Chicago, Illinois
Contact: +1 872-274-2421
Email: nick@aribia.llc
Lessee/Buyer:
Luisa Arias
Address:
Contact: 630 442-4310
Email: ariaslulu1@gmail.com
Property Address:
[Full Address of Medellin Property]
1. Purpose of Agreement
This Agreement outlines the terms under which Luisa Arias (“Lessee/Buyer”) will transfer
her ownership interest in ARIBIA LLC to ARIBIA LLC - Morada Mami, thereby
acquiring ownership of Morada Mami over a 9-year period. The property in question is
located at [Full Address of Medellin Property].
2. Transfer of Ownership Interest
2.1 Current Ownership of Luisa Arias in ARIBIA LLC
Luisa Arias currently holds a 10% ownership interest in ARIBIA LLC, which is
approximately valued at $40,000 USD.
2.2 Transfer to ARIBIA LLC - Morada Mami
10 of 12

Luisa Arias’s 10% ownership in ARIBIA LLC will be transferred and converted into an
equivalent ownership interest in ARIBIA LLC - Morada Mami.
3. Valuation and Purchase Price
Total Property Value of Morada Mami: $90,000 USD
Ownership Buyout: The current ownership value of $40,000 USD transferred by
Luisa Arias will be credited towards the buyout of Morada Mami.
4. Adjusted Purchase Price
Adjusted Purchase Price after Ownership Transfer: $90,000 USD - $40,000 USD =
$50,000 USD
Rent Credit: Luisa has already paid $4,800 USD in rent, which will be further
credited towards the purchase price.
Final Remaining Balance: $50,000 USD - $4,800 USD = $45,200 USD
5. Payment Terms
Total Buyout Period: 9 years (108 months)
Interest Rate: 4.34% (Mid-term IRS AFR for August 2024)
Monthly Payment: $506.31 USD
These payments include interest and will be applied towards the acquisition of full
ownership of ARIBIA LLC - Morada Mami.
6. Payment Schedule
Monthly payments are due on the 1st of each month.
Payments shall be made via [method of payment, e.g., bank transfer, electronic
payment system] to ARIBIA LLC.
7. Transfer of Ownership
Upon completion of all payments, ARIBIA LLC will transfer full ownership interest in
Morada Mami to Luisa Arias, including all rights, titles, and interests in the Medellin
property.
8. Maintenance and Repairs
During the buyout period, Luisa Arias will be responsible for maintaining the property and
covering all associated costs, including repairs.
9. Taxes and Insurance
Property Taxes and Insurance: Luisa Arias will assume responsibility for property taxes
and insurance during the buyout period.
10. Default
If Luisa Arias fails to make any payment on time or breaches any other terms of this
Agreement, ARIBIA LLC may terminate this Agreement. Any payments made up to the
point of default will be retained as compensation for the partial equity transfer.
11. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
11 of 12

Illinois.
12. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes
all prior discussions, agreements, or understandings of any kind.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Buyout and Ownership Transfer
Agreement on the day and year first above written.
Lessor/Seller:
[Signature]
ARIBIA LLC
Nicholas Anthony Jones Bianchi
Title: President
Date: [Date]
Lessee/Buyer:
[Signature]
Luisa Arias
Date: [Date]

12 of 12

