Medellin, December 2024

Mr. Nicholas Anthony Jones Bianchi, legal representative of Aribia LLC.
Medellin
Ref: Engagement to perform legal services
Dear Nicholas,
We are thrilled to be asked to provide legal services for your property purchase process in
Colombia,considering your current legal situation (the “Services”). This letter serves as our
engagement letter, outlining the arrangements related to the legal services we may render to
you in connection with the Services.
1. Scope of Engagement:
We are pleased to offer our legal services to implement the agreed-upon strategy to address
the matter involving tenants who have defaulted on their rental payment obligations under
the terms of the lease agreement.
This engagement letter outlines the scope of services we will provide, which include a Special
Power of Attorney, Escrow Account Service and Direct communication and negotiation with
the tenants.
Our firm will be in capacity to perform the above services under the following areas of law:
-

Foreign Exchange Law;
Contract/Civil Law Law
Property Law
Migratory Law

Finally, we calculate that our services will be implemented in a period of two (2) weeks.
No later than one (1) week after we initiate the process, we will send a request for
additional information in order to render the Services.
1. Billing Rates:
Our legal fees for the Services are the following:

SERVICE
Special Power of Attorney
Escrow Account Service (Includes Payments to Sellers and
third parties instructed by client)
*Forms will be included in the Escrow fee for conversions over
$50,000 USD. For conversions below $50,000 USD filling
forms will be charged additionally at a $700.000 COP fee.
1.25% of Transferred and
converted funds + 0.40% applicable +nominal
spread

LEGAL PROFESSIONAL
FEE
$ 680.000 COP/162USD
1.65% (1.25% of
Transferred and
converted funds+ 0.40%
applicable 4x1000
Colombian tax) + nominal
spread

Direct communication and negotiation with the tenants
$3,250,000COP/774USD

TOTAL

$3,930,000COP/936USD

The Services should be paid as follows:
1. One million nine hundred sixty-five thousand Colombian pesos ($1,965,000COP) or
468USD of the total billing rates shall be paid as a retainer once this engagement letter
is accepted.
2. The balance of the total billing rates shall be paid within five business days of the
fulfillment of the services.
Our services can be paid in the following ways:
COP BBVA Savings Account:
SAVINGS ACCOUNT #: 350000321
ACCOUNT HOLDER: ANDRES ORLANDO DURANGO CAÑAS. C.C.: 71.264.480
Carrera 42 # 5 Sur - 145, Interior 813 Ed. Ofi7 La Francia C.E. El Poblado, Medellín,
Colombia
Email: info@medellinlegal.com Phone: +574 3364853
www.medellinlegal.co
If Paying by USD:
BANK OF AMERICA

Address: 2000 S ANDREWS AVE, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL 33316-3430 United States
WIRE TRANSFER ABA/ROUTING NUMBER:
Paper & Electronic: 063100277
Wires: 026009593
CHECKING ACCOUNT #: 229058155775
ACCOUNT HOLDER: ANDRES ORLANDO DURANGO CANAS
Paypal*: andres@medellinlegal.com
* Add 5% extra for Paypal’s Processing fee
Zelle: globakconsulting@gmail.com
3.Proposed Team
In order to render the Services, we will work with the following lawyers:
Andrés Durango Cañas
LL.M International Business Law
COLOMBIAN TAX LAW Specialist Universidad Externado de Colombia National University of
Singapore
Nubia Stella Ocampo Giraldo
Colombian Taxation Specialist
Universidad Externado de Colombia Certified Public Accountant Universidad de Medellin
Mariana Vélez
Corporate
Lawyer
Universidad
EAFIT
Mariana Osorio
Corporate
Lawyer
Universidad
EAFIT

Jesús Gáfaro
Corporate
Lawyer
Universidad
EAFIT

1. Explicit Exclusions:
The services provided to you as part of the Services will be limited to the areas of law outlined
in the Scope of Services.
2. Conflicts of Interest.
We represent multiple clients across various industries. Occasionally, our clients may engage in
business dealings, negotiations, or disputes (including litigation) with other clients of the Firm.
By accepting this engagement, you agree that we may represent existing or future clients in
matters involving or related to you, including litigation or other issues that may be directly or
indirectly adverse to your interests, as long as those matters are not substantially related to
this representation or any other matter on which you engage our Services. For example, you
agree that we may represent debtors, trustees, examiners, or official committees in bankruptcy
cases where you are a creditor or party of interest, even if your interests may be adverse to
those parties, provided that such representation is not substantially related to our
representation of you.
Additionally, we confirm that, after a careful review, we have verified that there is currently no
conflict of interest in representing you.
3. Engagement Limited to Identified Client.
This will also confirm that, unless otherwise agreed in writing, our engagement is solely with
the individuals or entities specifically identified as clients in this letter (i.e., you). By entering
into this agreement, we do not agree to represent any individuals, parents, or entities not
explicitly named as clients herein.
We are delighted to have been asked to provide legal services to you and look forward to
working together on this engagement. If you ever wish to discuss any matter related to our
legal representation or our bills, please feel free to call or email me at +57 310
4255432, andres@medellinlegal.com, or mariana@medellinlegal.com.
While I would prefer a more informal method of confirming the terms of our engagement, we
find that a written statement like this is useful for both the Firm and the client. Additionally, in

certain instances, the Firm is legally required to document these matters in writing. Please
review this letter, and if it aligns with your understanding, kindly return a signed copy to me at
your earliest convenience. If you have any questions, please let me know promptly.

Sincerely yours,

Andrés Durango Cañas

Acceptance:

__________________
Nicholas Anthony Jones Bianchi, legal representative of Aribia LLC
N.I 88-3267643

