Limited Liability Company Agreement of
ARIBIA LLC
A Limited Liability Company
THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") of ARIBIA LLC, (the "Company"), is
executed and agreed to, for good and valuable consideration, by the undersigned members (the
"Members").

I.

Formation.
A. State of Formation. This is a Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (the "Agreement")
for ARIBIA LLC, a Manager-managed Illinois limited liability company (the "Company")
formed under and pursuant to Illinois law.

B. Operating Agreement Controls. To the extent that the rights or obligations of the Members or the
Company under provisions of this Operating Agreement differ from what they would be under
Illinois law absent such a provision, this Agreement, to the extent permitted under Illinois law,
shall control.

C. Primary Business Address. The location of the primary place of business of the Company is:

550 W Surf St Apt 504, Chicago, Illinois 60657, or such other location as shall be selected from
time to time by the Members.

D. Registered Agent and Office. The Company's initial agent (the "Agent") for service of process is
Nicholas Bianchi. The Agent's registered office is 550 W Surf St Apt 504, Chicago, Illinois
60657. The Company may change its registered office, its registered agent, or both, upon filing a
statement with the Illinois Secretary of State.

E. No State Law Partnership. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to
constitute a partnership (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, or
any Member a partner or joint venturer of or with any other Member, for any purposes other than
federal and state tax purposes.

II.

Purposes and Powers.
A. Purpose. The Company is created for the following business purpose:

ARIBIA LLC will acquire, repair, rehab, and manage rental properties.

B. Powers. The Company shall have all of the powers of a limited liability company set forth under
Illinois law.

C. Duration. The Company's term shall commence upon the filing of an Articles of Organization and
all other such necessary materials with the state of Illinois. The Company will operate until
terminated as outlined in this Agreement unless:

III.

1.

A majority of the Members vote to dissolve the Company;

2.

No Member of the Company exists, unless the business of the Company is continued in a
manner permitted by Illinois law;

3.

It becomes unlawful for either the Members or the Company to continue in business;

4.

A judicial decree is entered that dissolves the Company; or

5.

Any other event results in the dissolution of the Company under federal or Illinois law.

Members.
A. Members. The Members of the Company (jointly the "Members") and their Membership Interest
at the time of adoption of this Agreement are as follows:
Nicholas A Bianchi, 85%
Luisa Arias, 10%
Sharon Jones, 5%

B. Initial Contribution. Each Member shall make an Initial Contribution to the Company. The Initial
Contributions of each shall be as described in Attachment A, Initial Contributions of the Members
.

No Member shall be entitled to interest on their Initial Contribution. Except as expressly provided
by this Agreement, or as required by law, no Member shall have any right to demand or receive
the return of their Initial Contribution. Any modifications as to the signatories' respective rights
as to the receipt of their initial contributions must be set forth in writing signed by all interested
parties.

C. Limited Liability of the Members. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement or
otherwise required by Illinois law, no Member shall be personally liable for any acts, debts,
liabilities or obligations of the Company beyond their respective Initial Contribution, including
liability arising under a judgment, decree or order of a court. The Members shall look solely to
the Company property for the return of their Initial Contribution, or value thereof, and if the
Company property remaining after payment or discharge of the debts, liabilities or obligations of
the Company is insufficient to return such Initial Contributions, or value thereof, no Member
shall have any recourse against any other Member except as is expressly provided for by this
Agreement or as otherwise allowed by law.

D. Death, Incompetency, Resignation or Termination of a Member. Should a Member die, be
declared incompetent, or withdraw from the Company voluntarily or involuntarily, the remaining
Members will have the option to buy out that Member's Membership Interest in the Company. If
a Member is removed involuntarily, it must be by vote recorded in the official minutes. If a
Member resigns, they should submit a notarized resignation letter to the Registered Agent.
Should the Members agree to buy out the Membership Interest of the withdrawing Member, that
Interest shall be paid for proportionately by the remaining Members, according to their existing
Membership Interest and distributed proportionately among the remaining Members. The
Members agree to hire an outside firm to assess the value of the Membership Interest.

The Members will have 90 days to decide if they want to buy the Membership Interest together
and disperse it proportionately. If all Members do not agree to buy the Membership Interest,
individual Members will then have the right to buy the Membership Interest individually. If more
than one Member requests to buy the remaining Membership Interest, the Membership Interest
will be paid for and split proportionately among those Members wishing to purchase the
Membership Interest. If all Members agree by unanimous vote, the Company may choose to
allow a non-Member to buy the Membership Interest thereby replacing the previous Member.

If no individual Member(s) finalize a purchase agreement by 60 days, the withdrawing Member,
or their estate, may dispose of their Membership Interest however they see fit, subject to the
limitations in Section III (E) below. If a Member is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity and is dissolved or terminated, the powers of that Member may
be exercised by its legal representative or successor.

The name of the Company may be amended upon the written and unanimous vote of all Members
if a Member withdraws, dies, is found incompetent or is terminated.

E. Creation or Substitution of New Members. Any Member may assign in whole or in part its
Membership Interest only after granting their fellow Members the right of first refusal, as
established in Section III (D) above.

1.

Entire transfer. If a Member transfers all of its Membership Interest, the transferee shall
be admitted to the Company as a substitute Member upon its execution of an instrument
signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Such
admission shall be deemed effective immediately upon the transfer, and, simultaneously,
the transferor Member shall cease to be a Member of the Company and shall have no
further rights or obligations under this Agreement.

2.

Partial transfer. If a Member transfers only a portion of its Membership Interest, the
transferee shall be admitted to the Company as an additional Member upon its execution
of an instrument signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

3.

Whether a substitute Member or an additional Member, absent the written consent of all
existing Members of the Company, the transferee shall be a limited Member and possess
only the percentage of the monetary rights of the transferor Member that was transferred
without any voting power as a Member in the Company.

F. Member Voting.
1.

Voting power. The Company's Members shall each have voting power equal to their share
of Membership Interest in the Company.

2.

Proxies. At all meetings of Members, a Member may vote in person or by proxy executed
in writing by the Member or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy shall be
delivered to the Secretary of the Company before or at the time of the meeting. No proxy

shall be valid after eleven months from the date of its execution, unless otherwise
provided in the proxy.

G. Members' Duty to File Notices. The Members shall be responsible for preparation, maintenance,
filing and dissemination of all necessary returns, notices, statements, reports, minutes or other
information to the Internal Revenue Service, the state of Illinois, and any other appropriate state
or federal authorities or agencies. Notices shall be filed in accordance with the section titled
"Notices" below. The Members may delegate this responsibility to an Officer or a Manager at the
Members' sole discretion.

H. Fiduciary Duties of the Members. The Members shall have no fiduciary duties whatsoever,
whether to each other or to the Company, unless that Member is a Manager or an Officer of the
Company, in which instance they shall owe only the respective fiduciary duties of a Manager or
Officer, as applicable. No Member shall bear any liability to the Company or to other present or
former Members by reason of being or having been a Member.

I. Waiver of Partition: Nature of Interest. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Member hereby irrevocably waives any
right or power that such Member might have to cause the Company or any of its assets to be
partitioned, to cause the appointment of a receiver for all or any portion of the assets of the
Company, to compel any sale of all or any portion of the assets of the Company pursuant to any
applicable law or to file a complaint or to institute any proceeding at law or in equity to cause the
dissolution, liquidation, winding up or termination of the Company. No Member shall have any
interest in any specific assets of the Company.

J. Care. The duty of care shall be limited to refraining from engaging in grossly negligent or
reckless conduct, willful or intentional misconduct, or a knowing violation of law. To the extent
that a Member exercises the managerial authority vested in a Manager under the Illinois Limited
Liability Act, however, the Member shall be held to the standards of conduct under the Act
including the duty of loyalty, the duty of care, and the duty of good faith and fair dealing which
the Member shall owe to both the Company and to the other Members.

K. Members as Agents. A Member is not an agent of the Company for the purpose of its business
solely by reason of being a Member. A Member is an agent of the Company for the purpose of its
business, however, where the Member executes the act for apparently carrying on the Company's
business or business of the kind carried on by the Company in the ordinary course, unless the
Member had no authority to act for the Company in the particular matter and the person with
whom the Member was dealing knew or had notice that the Member lacked authority. An act of a
Member binds the Company even where the Member executed the act not apparently for carrying
on the Company's business or business of the kind carried on by the Company in the ordinary
course only if the act was authorized by the other Members.

IV.

Accounting and
Distributions.
A. Fiscal Year. The Company's fiscal year shall end on the last day of December.

B. Records. All financial records including tax returns and financial statements will be held at the
Company's primary business address and will be accessible to all Members.

C. Distributions. Distributions shall be issued, as directed by the Company's Treasurer or Assistant
Treasurer, on a quarterly basis, based upon the Company's fiscal year. The distribution shall not
exceed the remaining net cash of the Company after making appropriate provisions for the
Company's ongoing and anticipatable liabilities and expenses. Each Member shall receive a
percentage of the overall distribution that matches that Member's percentage of Membership
Interest in the Company.

V.

Tax Treatment Election.
The Company has not filed with the Internal Revenue Service for treatment as a corporation.
Instead, the Company will be taxed as a pass-through organization. The Members may elect for
the Company to be treated as a C-Corporation, S-Corporation or a Partnership at any time.

VI.

Board of Managers.
A. Creation of a Board of Managers. The Members shall create a board of Managers (the "Board")
consisting of Managers appointed at the sole discretion of the Members and headed by the
Chairman of the Board. The Members may serve as Managers and may appoint a Member to
serve as the Chairman. The Members may determine at any time in their sole and absolute
discretion the number of Managers to constitute the Board, subject in all cases to any
requirements imposed by Illinois law. The authorized number of Managers may be increased or
decreased by the Members at any time in their sole and absolute discretion, subject to Illinois law.
Each Manager elected, designated or appointed shall hold office until a successor Manager is
elected and qualified or until such Manager's earlier death, resignation or removal.

B. Powers and Operation of the Board of Managers. The Board shall have the power to do any and
all acts necessary, convenient or incidental to or for the furtherance of the Company's purposes
described herein, including all powers, statutory or otherwise.

1.

Meetings. The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, within or outside the
state of Illinois. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time
and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. Special meetings
of the Board may be called by the Chairman on not less than one day's notice to each
Manager by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile, mail or any other means of
communication.

i. At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Managers shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business and, except as otherwise provided in any other provision of
this Agreement, the act of a majority of the Managers present at any meeting at which
there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board. If a quorum shall not be present at any
meeting of the Board, the Managers present at such meeting may adjourn the meeting
until a quorum shall be present. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting if all Managers consent thereto
in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the
Board.

ii. Managers may participate in meetings of the Board by means of telephone conference
or similar communications equipment that allows all persons participating in the
meeting to hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute
presence in person at the meeting. If all the participants are participating by telephone
conference or similar communications equipment, the meeting shall be deemed to be
held at the primary business address of the Company.

C. Compensation of Managers. The Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of
Managers. The Managers may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at meetings of the
Board, which may be a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or a stated salary
as Manager. No such payment shall preclude any Manager from serving the Company in any
other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

D. Removal of Managers. Unless otherwise restricted by law, any Manager or the entire Board may
be removed, with or without cause, by the Members, and any vacancy caused by any such
removal may be filled by action of the Members.

E. Managers as Agents. To the extent of their powers set forth in this Agreement, the Managers are
agents of the Company for the purpose of the Company's business, and the actions of the
Managers taken in accordance with such powers set forth in this Agreement shall bind the
Company. An act of a Manager binds the Company, however, even where the Manager executed
the act not apparently for carrying on the Company's business or business of the kind carried on
by the Company in the ordinary course if the act was authorized either: (1) by a majority of the
Managers where there is more than one Manager, or, (2) by consent of all the Members
concerning matters that require unanimous Member-consent under 805 Ill. Comp. Stat. Ann. ยง
180/15-1. Except as provided in this Agreement, no Manager may bind the Company.

F. No Power to Dissolve the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to
the contrary or any provision of law that otherwise so empowers the Board, none of the Board
shall be authorized or empowered, nor shall they permit the Company, without the affirmative
vote of the Members, to institute proceedings to have the Company be adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the
Company or file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief with respect to the
Company under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, or consent to the
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee (or other similar official) of the Company
or a substantial part of its property, or make any assignment for the benefit of creditors of the
Company, or admit in writing the Company's inability to pay its debts generally as they become
due, or, to the fullest extent permitted by law, take action in furtherance of any such action.

G. Duties of the Board. The Board and the Members shall cause the Company to do or cause to be
done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights (charter
and statutory) and franchises. The Board also shall cause the Company to:

1.

Maintain its own books, records, accounts, financial statements, stationery, invoices,
checks and other limited liability company documents and bank accounts separate from
any other person;

2.

At all times hold itself out as being a legal entity separate from the Members and any
other person and conduct its business in its own name;

3.

File its own tax returns, if any, as may be required under applicable law, and pay any
taxes required to be paid under applicable law;

4.

Not commingle its assets with assets of the Members or any other person, and separately
identify, maintain and segregate all Company assets;

5.

Pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds, except with respect to organizational
expenses;

6.

Maintain an arm's length relationship with the Members, and, with respect to all business
transactions entered into by the Company with the Members, require that the terms and

conditions of such transactions (including the terms relating to the amounts paid
thereunder) are the same as would be generally available in comparable business
transactions if such transactions were with a person that was not a Member;

7.

Pay the salaries of its own employees, if any, out of its own funds and maintain a
sufficient number of employees in light of its contemplated business operations;

8.

Not guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other person or hold out its credit
as being available to satisfy the obligations of others;

9.

Allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead for shared office space;

10.

Not pledge its assets for the benefit of any other person or make any loans or advances to
any person;

11.

Correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity;

12.

Maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purposes;

13.

Cause its Board to meet or act pursuant to written consent and keep minutes of such
meetings and actions and observe all other Illinois limited liability company formalities;

14.

Make any permitted investments directly or through brokers engaged and paid by the
Company or its agents;

15.

Not require any obligations or securities of the Members; and

16.

Observe all other limited liability formalities.

Failure of the Board to comply with any of the foregoing covenants shall not affect the status of
the Company as a separate legal entity or the limited liability of the Members.

H. Prohibited Actions of the Board. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary or any provision of law that otherwise so empowers the Board, none of the Board on
behalf of the Company, shall, without the unanimous approval of the Board, do any of the
following:

VII.

1.

Guarantee any obligation of any person;

2.

Engage, directly or indirectly, in any business or activity other than as required or
permitted to be performed pursuant to the Company's Purpose as described in Section II
(A) above; or

3.

Incur, create or assume any indebtedness other than as required or permitted to be
performed pursuant to the Company's Purpose as described in Section II (A) above.

Officers.
A. Appointment and Titles of Officers. The initial Officers shall be appointed by the Members and
shall consist of at least a Chairman, a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. Any additional or
substitute Officers shall be chosen by the Board. The Board may also choose one or more VicePresident, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by
the same person, as permitted by Illinois law. The Board may appoint such other Officers and
agents as it shall deem necessary or advisable who shall hold their offices for such terms and
shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by
the Board. The Officers and agents of the Company shall hold office until their successors are
chosen and qualified. Any Officer elected or appointed by the Members or the Board may be
removed at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board.
Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company shall be filled by the Board. Unless the
Board decides otherwise, if the title of an Officer is one commonly used for officers of a limited
liability company formed under Illinois law, the assignment of such title shall constitute the
delegation to such person of the authorities and duties that are normally associated with that
office.

1.

Chairman. The Chairman shall be the chief executive officer of the Company, shall
preside at all meetings of the Board, shall be responsible for the general and active
management of the business of the Company and shall see that all orders and resolutions
of the Board are carried into effect. The Chairman shall execute all contracts on behalf of
the Company, except:

i. where required or permitted by law or this Agreement to be otherwise signed and
executed;

ii. where signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board to
some other Officer or agent of the Company.

2. President. In the absence of the Chairman or in the event of the Chairman's inability to act,
the President shall perform the duties of the Chairman, and when so acting, shall have all
the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chairman. The President shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board may from time to time
prescribe.

3. Vice-Presidents. In the absence of the Chairman and President or in the event of their
inability to act, any Vice-Presidents in the order designated by the Board (or, in the absence
of any designation, in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the Chairman,
and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon
the Chairman. Vice-Presidents, if any, shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

4. Secretary and Assistant Secretary. The Secretary shall be responsible for filing legal
documents and maintaining records for the Company. The Secretary shall attend all
meetings of the Board and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Company and
of the Board in a book to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be
given, notice of all meetings of the Board, as required in this Agreement or by Illinois law,
and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board or the Chairman,
under whose supervision the Secretary shall serve. The Secretary shall cause to be prepared
such reports and/or information as the Company is required to prepare by applicable law,
other than financial reports. The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the
Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board (or if there be no such
determination, then in order of their election), shall, in the absence of the Secretary or in the
event of the Secretary's inability to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board may
from time to time prescribe.

5. Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the Company
funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements
in books belonging to the Company according to generally accepted accounting practices,
using a fiscal year ending on the last day of the month of December. The Treasurer shall
deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Company
in such depositories as may be designated by the Board. The Treasurer shall distribute the
Company's profits to the Members. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Company
as may be ordered by the Board and shall render to the Chairman and to the Board, at their

regular meetings or when the Members so require, an account of all of the Treasurer's
transactions and of the financial condition of the Company. As soon as practicable after the
end of each fiscal year of the Company, the Treasurer shall prepare a statement of financial
condition as of the last day of the Company's fiscal year, and a statement of income and
expenses for the fiscal year then ended, together with supporting schedules. Each of said
annual statements shall be prepared on an income tax basis and delivered to the Board
forthwith upon its preparation. In addition, the Treasurer shall keep all financial records
required to be kept pursuant to Illinois law. The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be
more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board (or if there be
no such determination, then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the
Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurer's inability to act, perform the duties and exercise
the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

B. Officers as Agents. The Officers, to the extent of their powers set forth in this Agreement or
otherwise vested in them by action of the Board not inconsistent with this Agreement, are agents
of the Company for the purpose of the Company's business, and the actions of the Officers taken
in accordance with such powers shall bind the Company.

VIII. Fiduciary Duties of the Board and Officers.
A. Loyalty and Care. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, each Manager and Officer shall
have a fiduciary duty of loyalty and care similar to that of managers of business corporations
organized under the laws of Illinois.

B. Competition with the Company. The Managers and Officers shall refrain from dealing with the
Company in the conduct of the Company's business as or on behalf of a party having an interest
adverse to the Company unless a majority, by individual vote, of the Board of Managers
excluding the interested Manager, consents thereto. The Managers and Officers shall refrain from
competing with the Company in the conduct of the Company's business unless a majority, by
individual vote, of the Board of Managers excluding the interested Manager, consents thereto.

C. Duties Only to the Company. The Managers' and Officers' fiduciary duties of loyalty and care are
to the Company and not to the other Managers or other Officers. The Managers and Officers shall
owe fiduciary duties of disclosure, good faith and fair dealing to the Company and to the other
Managers, but shall owe no such duties to Officers unless the Officer is a Manager. A Manager or
Officer who so performs their duties shall not have any liability by reason of being or having
been a Manager or an Officer.

D. Reliance on Reports. In discharging the Manager's or Officer's duties, a Manager or Officer is
entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports, or statements, including financial statements
and other financial data, if prepared or presented by any of the following:

IX.

1.

One or more Members, Managers, or employees of the Company whom the Manager
reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented.

2.

Legal counsel, public accountants, or other persons as to matters the Manager reasonably
believes are within the persons' professional or expert competence.

3.

A committee of Members or Managers of which the affected Manager is not a participant,
if the Manager reasonably believes the committee merits confidence.

Dissolution.
A. Limits on Dissolution. The Company shall have a perpetual existence, and shall be dissolved, and
its affairs shall be wound up only upon the provisions established in Section II (C) above.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Bankruptcy of any Member shall not
cause such Member to cease to be a Member of the Company and upon the occurrence of such an
event, the business of the Company shall continue without dissolution.

Each Member waives any right that it may have to agree in writing to dissolve the Company upon
the Bankruptcy of any Member or the occurrence of any event that causes any Member to cease
to be a Member of the Company.

B. Winding Up. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in Section II(C), the Company shall
continue solely for the purpose of winding up its affairs in an orderly manner, liquidating its
assets, and satisfying the claims of its creditors. One or more Members, selected by the remaining
Members, shall be responsible for overseeing the winding up and liquidation of the Company,
shall take full account of the liabilities of the Company and its assets, shall either cause its assets
to be distributed as provided under this Agreement or sold, and if sold as promptly as is
consistent with obtaining the fair market value thereof, shall cause the proceeds therefrom, to the
extent sufficient therefor, to be applied and distributed as provided under this Agreement.

C. Distributions in Kind. Any non-cash asset distributed to one or more Members in liquidation of
the Company shall first be valued at its fair market value (net of any liability secured by such
asset that such Member assumes or takes subject to) to determine the profits or losses that would
have resulted if such asset were sold for such value, such profit or loss shall then be allocated as

provided under this Agreement. The fair market value of such asset shall be determined by the
Members or, if any Member objects, by an independent appraiser (any such appraiser must be
recognized as an expert in valuing the type of asset involved) approved by the Members.

D. Termination. The Company shall terminate when (i) all of the assets of the Company, after
payment of or due provision for all debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company, shall have
been distributed to the Members in the manner provided for under this Agreement and (ii) the
Company's registration with the state of Illinois shall have been canceled in the manner required
by Illinois law.

E. Accounting. Within a reasonable time after complete liquidation, the Company Treasurer shall
furnish the Members with a statement which shall set forth the assets and liabilities of the
Company as at the date of dissolution and the proceeds and expenses of the disposition thereof.

F. Limitations on Payments Made in Dissolution. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this
Agreement, each Member shall only be entitled to look solely to the assets of the Company for
the return of its Initial Contribution and shall have no recourse for its Initial Contribution and/or
share of profits (upon dissolution or otherwise) against any other Member.

G. Notice to Illinois Authorities. Upon the winding up of the Company, the Member with the highest
percentage of Membership Interest in the Company shall be responsible for the filing of all
appropriate notices of dissolution with Illinois and any other appropriate state or federal
authorities or agencies as may be required by law. In the event that two or more Members have
equally high percentages of Membership Interest in the Company, the Member with the longest
continuous tenure as a Member of the Company shall be responsible for the filing of such notices.

X.

Exculpation and
Indemnification.
A. No Member, Manager, Officer, employee or agent of the Company and no employee, agent or
affiliate of a Member (collectively, the "Covered Persons") shall be liable to the Company or any
other person who has an interest in or claim against the Company for any loss, damage or claim
incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered Person in good
faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed to be within the scope of the
authority conferred on such Covered Person by this Agreement, except that a Covered Person
shall be liable for any such loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of such Covered Person's
gross negligence or willful misconduct.

B. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Covered Person shall be entitled to
indemnification from the Company for any loss, damage or claim incurred by such Covered

Person by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered Person in good
faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed to be within the scope of the
authority conferred on such Covered Person by this Agreement. Expenses, including legal fees,
incurred by a Covered Person defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall be
paid by the Company. The Covered Person shall be liable to repay such amount if it is determined
that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this Agreement. No
Covered Person shall be entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage or claim
incurred by such Covered Person by reason of such Covered Person's gross negligence or willful
misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions. Any indemnity under this Agreement shall be
provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only.

C. A Covered Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the
Company and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Company
by any person as to matters the Covered Person reasonably believes are within such other
person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or
on behalf of the Company, including information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value
and amount of the assets, liabilities, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of
assets from which distributions to the Members might properly be paid.

D. To the extent that, at law or in equity, a Covered Person has duties (including fiduciary duties)
and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or to any other Covered Person, a Covered Person
acting under this Agreement shall not be liable to the Company or to any other Covered Person
for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement. The provisions of the Agreement,
to the extent that they restrict the duties and liabilities of a Covered Person otherwise existing at
law or in equity, are agreed by the Members to replace such other duties and liabilities of such
Covered Person.

E. The foregoing provisions of this Article X shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

XI.

Insurance.
The Company shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance, including insurance on
behalf of any Covered Person against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by
such Covered Person in any such capacity, or arising out of such Covered Person's status as an
agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such
person against such liability under the provisions of Article X or under applicable law. This is
separate and apart from any business insurance that may be required as part of the business in
which the Company is engaged.

XII.

Settling Disputes.

All Members agree to enter into mediation before filing suit against any other Member or the
Company for any dispute arising from this Agreement or Company. Members agree to attend one
session of mediation before filing suit. If any Member does not attend mediation, or the dispute is
not settled after one session of mediation, the Members are free to file suit. Any law suits will be
under the jurisdiction of the state of Illinois.

XIII. Independent Counsel.
All Members entering into this Agreement have been advised of their right to seek the advice of
independent legal counsel before signing this Agreement. All Members and each of them have
entered into this Agreement freely and voluntarily and without any coercion or duress.

XIV. General Provisions.
A. Notices. All notices, offers or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to
this Agreement shall be in writing and may be personally served or sent by United States mail
and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or three (3) business days after
deposit in United States mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, and properly addressed, by
or to the appropriate party.

B. Number of Days. In computing the number of days (other than business days) for purposes of this
Agreement, all days shall be counted, including Saturdays, Sundays and holidays; provided,
however, that if the final day of any time period falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday on which
national banks are or may elect to be closed, then the final day shall be deemed to be the next day
which is not a Saturday, Sunday or such holiday.

C. Execution of Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument.

D. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and separable from each other,
and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that
for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.

E. Headings. The Article and Section headings in this Agreement are for convenience and they form
no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation.

F. Controlling Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in
accordance with the laws of the state of Illinois (without regard to conflicts of law principles
thereof).

G. Application of Illinois Law. Any matter not specifically covered by a provision of this Agreement
shall be governed by the applicable provisions of Illinois law.

H. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by written consent of the Board and the
Members. Upon obtaining the approval of any such amendment, supplement or restatement as to
the Certificate, the Company shall cause a Certificate of Amendment or Amended and Restated
Certificate to be prepared, executed and filed in accordance with Illinois law.

I. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding among the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
agreements and understandings, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written,
except as herein contained.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Members have executed and agreed to this Limited Liability Company
Operating Agreement, which shall be effective as of August 01, 2022.

Nicholas A Bianchi
s_Af_Member_1_Name_Name_

By:

d_Af_Member_1_Name_Date_

Date:

04/22/2023

Nicholas A Bianchi

Luisa Arias
s_Af_Member_Name_Name[0]_

By:

d_Af_Member_Name_Date[0]_

Date:

04/22/2023

Luisa Arias
12564453-5527-4faa-9a4a-51787546f1ab

By:

01c41f68-2da3-4922-ba92-1e840295de3b

Date:
Sharon Jones

04/22/2023

ATTACHMENT A
Initial Contributions of the Members
The Initial Contributions of the Members of ARIBIA LLC are as follows:
Nicholas A Bianchi
Contribution:
Cash: $122,500.00
Professional services & project management valued at $5,000.00
Luisa Arias
Contribution:
Property management & interior design valued at $15,000.00
Sharon Jones
Contribution:
Administration valued at $7,500.00

